feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancelonganimationframetiming/renderstart/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming: renderStart property"
short-title: renderStart
slug: Web/API/PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming/renderStart
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming.renderStart
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`renderStart`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the start time of the rendering cycle in milliseconds, which includes {{domxref("Window.requestAnimationFrame()")}} callbacks, style and layout calculation, {{domxref("ResizeObserver")}} callbacks, and {{domxref("IntersectionObserver")}} callbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`renderStart`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the start time of the rendering cycle in milliseconds, which includes {{domxref("Window.requestAnimationFrame()")}} callbacks, style and layout calculation, {{domxref("ResizeObserver")}} callbacks, and {{domxref("IntersectionObserver")}} callbacks.
```
